c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\VideoGames.dll.config
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\VideoGames.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\VideoGames.pdb
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\obj\Debug\VideoGames.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\obj\Debug\VideoGames.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\obj\Debug\VideoGames.pdb
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\PagedList.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\PagedList.xml
c:\users\jhaynes4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\jhaynes4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\Kendo.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\jhaynes4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\bg-BG\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\jhaynes4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\cs-CZ\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\jhaynes4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\da-DK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\jhaynes4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\de-DE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\jhaynes4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\es-ES\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\jhaynes4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\fr-FR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\jhaynes4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\it-IT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\jhaynes4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\nl-NL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\jhaynes4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\pl-PL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\jhaynes4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\pt-BR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\jhaynes4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\pt-PT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\jhaynes4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\ro-RO\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\jhaynes4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\ru-RU\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\jhaynes4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\sv-SE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\jhaynes4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\tr-TR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\jhaynes4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\uk-UA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\jhaynes4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VideoGames\VideoGames\bin\zh-CN\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
